content/post/beginningtoCode.md, before:

---
title: <Intrigued to code/>
date: 2020-04-07
hero: /images/hello-world.png
excerpt: "Read more about coding here.."
timeToRead: 10
authors:
  - Hugo Authors 
 
---
<!-- TO insert images -> ![Example image](/static/image.png) -->

My Coding History
--
Right now, I am a computer Science student who learnt a lot of languages and coded many programs. But all this started years back, when i first wrote my Hello World! program in Java in my school days. That's when it all started off. My First programming langiage was Java and believed that it was the best programming language that was out there and when i came to university, that perspective changed... for the the better.

As of now, i have learnt over 14 Programming languages which includes declarative,imperative and web Programming as well. Database management systems is also a key learning factor while learning programming languages.

Pre-Basics of coding
--
Well, before learning the basics of coding, we all need to understand in what to code and why with emphasis on the latter. There are thousands of programming languages out there and choosing to learn one language to begin with is a hard task. That comes to the second question of why.
Well,I believe that if you start learning a more Non-Anstracted code language like C and Java, it'll help you understand how recent and more professional code languages like Python work behind the scenes.

Keeping that in mind, i would like to give you some languages to start working on and learning the basics of the language.Remember, Learning WHY is more important than WHAT the code does. 

- C      (Best to start with)
- Java   (Good option as well)
- C++

What to start with?
--
Every language has it's own syntax and it's own concept, but the basics remain the same. You have to first understand these basic concepts:
1. [Classes and Objects](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MeP1CztNMdo&feature=emb_logo)
2. [Encapsulation and Inheritance](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QXHOrKEjHo0)
3. [Polymorphism](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AmdgVatPL9k)

These concepts make the building blocks of [Object Oriented Programming](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xoL6WvCARJY).Only after you are thorough with these topics, you should have your *hands on coding!!*. 

![4 Pillars of OOP](/images/coding-post-1.png)
{{< css.inline >}}
<style>
.canon { background: white; width: 100%; height: auto;}
</style>
{{< /css.inline >}}

Commit message:

Almost done with coding post..

content/post/beginningtoCode.md, after:

---
title: <Intrigued to code/>
date: 2020-04-07
hero: /images/hello-world.png
excerpt: "Read more about coding here.."
timeToRead: 10
authors:
  - Hugo Authors 
 
---
<!-- TO insert images -> ![Example image](/static/image.png) -->

My Coding History
--
Right now, I am a computer Science student who learnt a lot of languages and coded many programs. But all this started years back, when i first wrote my Hello World! program in Java in my school days. That's when it all started off. My First programming langiage was Java and believed that it was the best programming language that was out there and when i came to university, that perspective changed... for the the better.

As of now, i have learnt over 14 Programming languages which includes declarative,imperative and web Programming as well. Database management systems is also a key learning factor while learning programming languages.

Pre-Basics of coding
--
Well, before learning the basics of coding, we all need to understand in what to code and why with emphasis on the latter. There are thousands of programming languages out there and choosing to learn one language to begin with is a hard task. That comes to the second question of why.
Well,I believe that if you start learning a more Non-Abstracted code language like C and Java, it'll help you understand how recent and more professional code languages like Python work behind the scenes.

Keeping that in mind, i would like to give you some languages to start working on and learning the basics of the language.Remember, Learning WHY is more important than WHAT the code does. 

- C      (Best to start with)
- Java   (Good option as well)
- C++

## What to start with?
--
Every language has it's own syntax and it's own concept, but the basics remain the same. You have to first understand these basic concepts:
1. [Classes and Objects](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MeP1CztNMdo&feature=emb_logo)
2. [Encapsulation and Inheritance](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QXHOrKEjHo0)
3. [Polymorphism](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AmdgVatPL9k)

These concepts make the building blocks of [Object Oriented Programming](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xoL6WvCARJY).Only after you are thorough with these topics, you should have your *hands on coding!!*. 

![4 Pillars of OOP](/images/coding-post-1.png)

Now, These pillars of OOP as some call it, are essential and build your foundation for coding any language,well,technically.

## Resources that will teach you the ABC in programing:
-- Google started it's own teaching platform called [DigitalGarage](https://learndigital.withgoogle.com/digitalgarage) which enables anyone with a google account to sign up and learn programming and many more courses online.
-- [Coursera](https://www.coursera.org/) is another webiste which gives you detailed explanation and implementation from various top universities.
-- Another website like coursera is [eDx](https://www.edx.org/), which is packed with various new and innovatiove material and gives you the pleasure of learning at your own pace.
-- Saving the best for last,[OpenClassrooms]() is another website, which i personally love, gives detailed, step by step instructions and explanations with video reference to most of the languages out there and I personally prefer this website.

All the learning materials and quizes are free and these websites give free (and sometimes paid) certifications as well. This will help you immensely while creating your profile and makes you stand-out in the eyes of the employers.

## Other resources that might help you
Well, these resources are very helpful in any point ,while learning or implementing your code. Most of the time, professional coders also refer to sites like these when they lose their path.

- [stackoverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/) --> This is like "Quora" for coders.
- [GeeksforGeeks](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/) --> This shows the implementation and explanation of various methods in libraries.
& so much more!

Even after you have done a professional course in anylanguage, you may lose your way and would have to refer these websites, so never discard them.

## Where is the world heading?
In my opinion, we are heading to the ineveitable destination, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence by utilising skills like Data Analysis and Data Science. My goal is to learn new concepts in programming and applying it in Machine learning and the like.


{{< css.inline >}}
<style>
.canon { background: white; width: 100%; height: auto;}
</style>
{{< /css.inline >}}
