content/post/onePlus7.md, before:

---
title: Breathe free with OxygenOS
date: 2020-03-29
hero: /images/oneplus-7-pro-edited-final.jpg
excerpt: All new updates on this magnanimous smartphone.
timeToRead: 5
authors:
  - Hugo Authors 
 
---
<!-- TO insert images -> ![Example image](/static/image.png) -->

---
#What is OnePlus?
--
We all have seen that in recent years, mobile tech has increasingly improved in many aspects.
We have all witnessed the creativity to make technological wonders. Slowly and gradually, the inevitable has happenned, rise in technological competetion forcing the existing brands to improve their R&D to compete.

Amongst all the brands, one well-renowned, Shanghai based company grew exponentionally, that is the OnePlus Corporation. This tech giant flew right in the hotspot tech companies competing Apple, Samsung, Huawei and other major companies in the league for the gold-winner in the arguable "Best Phone in the Market".

#OxygenOS



{{< css.inline >}}
<style>
.canon { background: white; width: 100%; height: auto;}
</style>
{{< /css.inline >}}

Commit message:

Almost Done: One plus 7 Post

content/post/onePlus7.md, after:

---
title: Breathe free with OxygenOS
date: 2020-03-29
hero: /images/oneplus-7-pro-edited-final.jpg
excerpt: All new updates on this magnanimous smartphone.
timeToRead: 5
authors:
  - Hugo Authors 
 
---
<!-- TO insert images -> ![Example image](/static/image.png) -->

---
#What is OnePlus?
--
We all have seen that in recent years, mobile tech has increasingly improved in many aspects.
We have all witnessed the creativity to make technological wonders. Slowly and gradually, the inevitable has happenned, rise in technological competetion forcing the existing brands to improve their R&D to compete.

Amongst all the brands, one well-renowned, Shanghai based company grew exponentionally, that is the OnePlus Corporation. This tech giant flew right in the hotspot tech companies competing Apple, Samsung, Huawei and other major companies in the league for the gold-winner in the arguable "Best Phone in the Market".


The consumer world started getting a glimpse of their technological marvel after the OnePlus 3. Mainly because of its prodigal specs at a very resonable price.

#The 7T and 7T Pro
--
If you want me to describe this phone, I need 2 words, 'Smooth' and 'Fast' and ofcourse "Never Settle" as the company tagline goes by.

These phones came into the market in the late 2019 making the culmination of the year a fruitful one, disregarding the iPhone 11 (that is!)
It is a manageable 6.3" smartphone with a dual side gorilla glass 5 protection with an aluminium frame.

#OxygenOS
--
It comes out-of-the-box with an Android 10 and an OxygenOS 10.0.7, which is an android based OnePlus Developed Tech. Hands down, the lightest and (arguably) the smoothest OS of all. Unlike android which is written in Java, OxygenOS is written in C++.

#Camera Specs
--
This beautiful piece of tech has 3 Cameras, A 48 MP wide cam, 12 MP telephoto cam and a sufficient 16MP ultrawide cam with autofocus capabilities.Videos can be recorded in 3 different resolutions at different speeds, the 2160p @ 30/60fps, the 1080p @ 30/60/240fps, 720p @ 60fps
When we come to the selfie camera, comes packed with an Auto HDR 16 MP f/2.0 camera and records videos @ 1080P @ 30FPS resolution which is great for a smartphone of this time and age.

#Hardware & Software
--
This phone comes in a Snapdragon 855+ chipset with 8 cores of CPU. It has 2 storage variants, the 128GB and 256GB and 8 GB of RAM.It also has a really smooth and secure Optical fingerprint, right under the screen which works under dust and watery fingers.

#Charging
--
Comes packed with a Big 3800 mAh battery with 30W fast charging capabilities and with a Warp Charging 30T charger out-of-the-box.

#My Personal View
--
Well, This is 
//Still under construction. :))

{{< css.inline >}}
<style>
.canon { background: white; width: 100%; height: auto;}
</style>
{{< /css.inline >}}
